When would you want to create a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
If there are people who want to collaborate with me or check my work, they can see it in my repository.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

I rather check the code first before making the pull becasue I am not sure if the remote code will be a good fir for my local repository.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

Fork is used when we want to have a copy of somebody else repository and have it in Github, it will count how many collaborators have forked, also it will copy the remote name and url. Clone is when you want a copy from the Github in your local machine or even make a copy of your work in your local machine.   Branches are in your local machine and used when you want to try new features in your local machine without affecting the master (production)

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

Without Git or Github it will be easier to make relationships with cooworkers because it will be more peronal, real interation with people and control the changes in the programs because we can decide in real time what changes to implement, it will be harder to deploy the current versions and keep everyone updates with the different versions we have.

Important:

You just saw that the workflow when making changes in a separate branch is more complicated than working directly in master, especially when you need to stay up-to-date with changes others are making. Rather than simply pulling and pushing, you need to pull changes into your local master branch, merge the local master into your branch (different-oil, in our case), then push your branch to the remote before finally merging your branch into master, either locally or on GitHub.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

I will do those changes in a separate branch when I am testing a new feature in my program, I need to make sure those new festures wont conlflict with my master (production) program, when everything is proved that works correctly then I will create a pull request in my Git-Hub, after it is aproved I will pull it in my local. Definitely it os a good tool, specially to my that I learned to program before it was created.
